project_name=${_xil_proj_name_}
dataflow_bram_project_board_part=
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.activehdl_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/activehdl
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.funcsim=1
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.ies_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/ies
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.modelsim_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/modelsim
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.overwrite_libs=0
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.questa_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/questa
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.riviera_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/riviera
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.timesim=1
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.vcs_compiled_library_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/compile_simlib/vcs
dataflow_bram_project_compxlib.xsim_compiled_library_dir=
dataflow_bram_project_corecontainer.enable=0
dataflow_bram_project_default_lib=xil_defaultlib
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.accelerator_binary_content=bitstream
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.accelerator_binary_format=xclbin2
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.description=Vivado generated DSA
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.dr_bd_base_address=0
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.emu_dir=emu
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.flash_interface_type=bpix16
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.flash_offset_address=0
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.flash_size=1024
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.host_architecture=x86_64
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.host_interface=pcie
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.num_compute_units=60
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.platform_state=pre_synth
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.rom.debug_type=0
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.rom.prom_type=0
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.uses_pr=1
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.vendor=xilinx
dataflow_bram_project_dsa.version=0.0
dataflow_bram_project_enable_optional_runs_sta=0
dataflow_bram_project_enable_vhdl_2008=1
dataflow_bram_project_generate_ip_upgrade_log=1
dataflow_bram_project_ip_cache_permissions=read write
dataflow_bram_project_ip_interface_inference_priority=
dataflow_bram_project_ip_output_repo=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.cache/ip
dataflow_bram_project_is_readonly=0
dataflow_bram_project_mem.enable_memory_map_generation=1
dataflow_bram_project_part=xcku15p-ffve1517-2-i
dataflow_bram_project_project_type=Default
dataflow_bram_project_pr_flow=0
dataflow_bram_project_sim.central_dir=/home/ljr140/dataflow_bram/dataflow_bram.ip_user_files
dataflow_bram_project_sim.ip.auto_export_scripts=1
dataflow_bram_project_sim.use_ip_compiled_libs=1
dataflow_bram_project_simulator_language=Mixed
dataflow_bram_project_source_mgmt_mode=All
dataflow_bram_project_target_language=Verilog
dataflow_bram_project_target_simulator=XSim
dataflow_bram_project_tool_flow=Vivado
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.activehdl_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.ies_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.modelsim_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.questa_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.riviera_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.vcs_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_webtalk.xsim_export_sim=32
dataflow_bram_project_xpm_libraries=XPM_CDC XPM_FIFO XPM_MEMORY
dataflow_bram_project_xsim.array_display_limit=1024
dataflow_bram_project_xsim.radix=hex
dataflow_bram_project_xsim.time_unit=ns
dataflow_bram_project_xsim.trace_limit=65536
sources_1_file_generate_files_for_reference=0
sources_1_file_generate_synth_checkpoint=0
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_registered_with_manager=1
sources_1_file_synth_checkpoint_mode=None
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=CSV
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=
sources_1_file_file_type=CSV
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=
sources_1_fileset_design_mode=RTL
sources_1_fileset_edif_extra_search_paths=
sources_1_fileset_elab_link_dcps=1
sources_1_fileset_elab_load_timing_constraints=1
sources_1_fileset_generic=
sources_1_fileset_include_dirs=
sources_1_fileset_lib_map_file=
sources_1_fileset_loop_count=1000
sources_1_fileset_name=sources_1
sources_1_fileset_top=pcie_xdma_wrapper
sources_1_fileset_top_auto_set=0
sources_1_fileset_verilog_define=
sources_1_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sources_1_fileset_verilog_version=verilog_2001
sources_1_fileset_vhdl_version=vhdl_2k
constrs_1_file_file_type=XDC
constrs_1_file_is_enabled=1
constrs_1_file_is_global_include=0
constrs_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
constrs_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
constrs_1_file_processing_order=NORMAL
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
constrs_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation
constrs_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
constrs_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
constrs_1_fileset_constrs_type=XDC
constrs_1_fileset_name=constrs_1
constrs_1_fileset_target_constrs_file=$PSRCDIR/dataflow_bram.srcs/constrs_1/imports/morse_pcie_dma_ep/morse_pcie_dma_ep.xdc
constrs_1_fileset_target_part=xcku15p-ffve1517-2-i
constrs_1_fileset_target_ucf=$PSRCDIR/dataflow_bram.srcs/constrs_1/imports/morse_pcie_dma_ep/morse_pcie_dma_ep.xdc
sim_1_fileset_32bit=0
sim_1_fileset_generic=
sim_1_fileset_include_dirs=
sim_1_fileset_incremental=1
sim_1_fileset_name=sim_1
sim_1_fileset_nl.cell=
sim_1_fileset_nl.incl_unisim_models=0
sim_1_fileset_nl.process_corner=slow
sim_1_fileset_nl.rename_top=
sim_1_fileset_nl.sdf_anno=1
sim_1_fileset_nl.write_all_overrides=0
sim_1_fileset_source_set=sources_1
sim_1_fileset_systemc_include_dirs=
sim_1_fileset_top=pcie_xdma_wrapper
sim_1_fileset_top_auto_set=0
sim_1_fileset_top_lib=xil_defaultlib
sim_1_fileset_transport_int_delay=0
sim_1_fileset_transport_path_delay=0
sim_1_fileset_verilog_define=
sim_1_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sim_1_fileset_xelab.dll=0
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.tcl.pre=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xsc.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.nosort=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.relax=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.nosort=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.relax=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.debug_level=typical
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.load_glbl=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.mt_level=auto
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.rangecheck=0
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.relax=1
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.sdf_delay=sdfmax
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.snapshot=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xelab.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xsc.more_options=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.custom_tcl=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.log_all_signals=0
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.runtime=1000ns
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_all_signals=0
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_scope=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.tcl.post=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.wdb=
sim_1_fileset_xsim.simulate.xsim.more_options=
synth_1_run_constrset=constrs_1
synth_1_run_description=Vivado Synthesis Defaults
synth_1_run_flow=Vivado Synthesis 2018
synth_1_run_name=synth_1
synth_1_run_needs_refresh=1
synth_1_run_part=xcku15p-ffve1517-2-i
synth_1_run_srcset=sources_1
synth_1_run_incremental_checkpoint=
synth_1_run_incremental_checkpoint.more_options=
synth_1_run_include_in_archive=1
synth_1_run_gen_full_bitstream=1
synth_1_run_strategy=Vivado Synthesis Defaults
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.tcl.pre=
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.tcl.post=
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.flatten_hierarchy=rebuilt
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.gated_clock_conversion=off
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.bufg=12
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.fanout_limit=10000
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.directive=Default
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.retiming=0
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.fsm_extraction=auto
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.keep_equivalent_registers=0
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.resource_sharing=auto
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.control_set_opt_threshold=auto
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.no_lc=0
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.no_srlextract=0
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.shreg_min_size=3
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.max_bram=-1
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.max_uram=-1
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.max_dsp=-1
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.max_bram_cascade_height=-1
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.max_uram_cascade_height=-1
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.cascade_dsp=auto
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.assert=0
synth_1_run_steps.synth_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_constrset=constrs_1
impl_1_run_description=Default settings for Implementation.
impl_1_run_flow=Vivado Implementation 2018
impl_1_run_name=impl_1
impl_1_run_needs_refresh=1
impl_1_run_part=xcku15p-ffve1517-2-i
impl_1_run_pr_configuration=
impl_1_run_srcset=sources_1
impl_1_run_incremental_checkpoint=
impl_1_run_incremental_checkpoint.more_options=
impl_1_run_include_in_archive=1
impl_1_run_gen_full_bitstream=1
impl_1_run_strategy=Vivado Implementation Defaults
impl_1_run_steps.init_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.init_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.is_enabled=1
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.args.verbose=0
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.args.directive=Default
impl_1_run_steps.opt_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.power_opt_design.is_enabled=0
impl_1_run_steps.power_opt_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.power_opt_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.power_opt_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.place_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.place_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.place_design.args.directive=Default
impl_1_run_steps.place_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.post_place_power_opt_design.is_enabled=0
impl_1_run_steps.post_place_power_opt_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.post_place_power_opt_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.post_place_power_opt_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.phys_opt_design.is_enabled=0
impl_1_run_steps.phys_opt_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.phys_opt_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.phys_opt_design.args.directive=Default
impl_1_run_steps.phys_opt_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.route_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.route_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.route_design.args.directive=Default
impl_1_run_steps.route_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.post_route_phys_opt_design.is_enabled=0
impl_1_run_steps.post_route_phys_opt_design.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.post_route_phys_opt_design.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.post_route_phys_opt_design.args.directive=Default
impl_1_run_steps.post_route_phys_opt_design.args.more options=
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.tcl.pre=
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.tcl.post=
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.raw_bitfile=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.mask_file=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.no_binary_bitfile=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.bin_file=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.readback_file=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.logic_location_file=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.verbose=0
impl_1_run_steps.write_bitstream.args.more options=
